PREVIOUSLY ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS"...
THIS ISN'T GONNA LOOK
LIKE SELF‐DEFENSE.
GOT TO FIGURE SOMETHING OUT,
CANDACE.
WHY CAN'T YOU SEE IT?
YOUR WIFE IS
A COLD‐BLOODED BITCH.
Woman: VERONICA,
ARE YOU HAVING AN AFFAIR?
WHAT?
I'LL GET THE MONEY.
I JUST NEED A WEEK.
ON THE EIGHTH DAY,
YOUR ASS IS DEAD.
...TO TAKE OUT
VERONICA HARRINGTON.
YEAH.
WHERE HE AT?
HE AT THE HOUSE RIGHT NOW
WAITING ON HER
TO WALK THROUGH THAT DOOR.
JENNIFER,
DON'T LET VERONICA LEAVE.
Jennifer:
SHE'S ALREADY OUT.
PLEASE TELL ME
YOU HAVE A PLAN.
THE ONLY PLAN I HAVE RIGHT NOW
IS TO FIND OSCAR.
I HAVE ANOTHER PROBLEM.
WHO ARE WE TALKING ABOUT?
MY WIFE.
I BELIEVE THERE'S A HIT OUT
ON HER.
TAKE YOUR CLOTHES OFF.
[ MOANS ]
Veronica: MAGGIE.
Mrs. Harrington.
THERE'S SOME THINGS ABOUT DAVID
THAT YOU NEED TO KNOW.
CAN YOU MEET ME AT MY HOUSE?
Sure.
[ LAUGHS ]
IF I GET A CALL
THAT MY WIFE HAS BEEN HARMED,
I'M GOING TO COME IN
TO THAT CELL AND KILL YOU.
HOW LONG WILL IT TAKE?
TO?
GET THE MONEY IN HAND?
30 DAYS.
WHERE DO YOU GET OFF
ON DOING THIS?
DOING WHAT?
TOUCHING ME SEXUALLY.
TOUCHING YOU SEXUALLY?!
YEAH.
PLEASE LET THAT BABY
BE WITH ME, I'M BEGGING YOU.
I WOULD LET STRANGERS
AND FOSTER CARE RAISE HIM
BEFORE I LET YOU
GET YOUR HANDS ON HIM.
HEY, MAN.
IS HE DEAD?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT IS THAT?
IT WON'T HURT YOU.
JEFFERY.
WHAT IS THIS?
IT'S LUMINOL.
WHAT'S LUMINOL?
IT'S A CHEMICAL
THAT DEPICTS BLOOD.
MAGGIE, GO ON IN.
I'LL BE THERE IN JUST A SECOND.
AAH! AAH! OH!
GET DOWN.
[ GUNSHOT ]
SHOTS FIRED. SHOTS FIRED.
[ SOBS ]
611 WESTCHESTER LANE.
OH, MY FRIEND MAGGIE.
REQUESTING BACKUP.
PERPETRATOR IS DOWN.
WE GOT ONE FEMALE DOWN.
MY FRIEND MAGGIE.
NEED BACKUP IMMEDIATELY.
‐‐Captions by VITAC‐‐
www.vitac.com
CAPTIONS PAID FOR BY
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
♪♪♪♪
HOW DOES SHE KNOW?
I DON'T KNOW.
AND HOW DID SHE KNOW
TO ‐‐ TO POUR THE LUMINOL
ON THE FLOOR?
THE STAINED FLOOR.
DIDN'T YOU CLEAN IT?
I DID CLEAN IT.
AND I BLEACHED IT.
WHAT, THE ‐‐ THE BLEACH
DIDN'T GET IT OUT?
APPARENTLY
NOT GOOD ENOUGH.
HOW DOES SHE KNOW?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU TOLD WYATT?
NO.
ARE YOU SURE?
I DIDN'T TELL HIM.
YOU TELL HIM EVERYTHING.
OH, GO TO HELL.
I'M ALREADY IN HELL.
WELL, THANK YOU
FOR TAKING ME WITH YOU.
I DIDN'T PUT THE KNIFE
IN YOUR HAND.
YOU MAY AS WELL.
YOUR MOTHER LET THAT
SON OF A BITCH OUT OF JAIL.
IF YOU WANT TO BLAME SOMEONE,
BLAME HER.
DON'T ‐‐ DO NOT ‐‐
DO NOT BLAME ME.
I CAN'T TAKE THIS.
I CAN'T TAKE THIS, CANDACE.
THIS IS TOO MUCH.
WE NEED TO FIND OUT
HOW SHE KNOWS
BECAUSE I DIDN'T
TELL ANYONE.
NOT EVEN YOUR BROTHER?
HMM?
NO.
ARE YOU SURE?
AND HE DOESN'T
EVEN KNOW HER.
YES, HE DOES.
SHE GOT HIM OUT OF JAIL
ONE TIME.
NO.
THAT'S IT.
CANDACE,
THEY'VE BEEN SLEEPING TOGETHER.
YOUR BROTHER AND MY MOTHER
ARE SLEEPING TOGETHER.
WHAT?
YES.
[ SCOFFS ]
JEFFERY, STOP, OKAY?
IF I HAD MY PHONE, I WOULD ‐‐
I WOULD SHOW YOU.
SHOW ME WHAT?
VIDEO.
YOU ARE ‐‐
YOU'RE DISGUSTING ME!
STOP.
IF YOU TOLD YOUR BROTHER,
MAYBE THAT'S WHO TOLD HER.
FIRST OF ALL,
I DIDN'T TELL MY BROTHER
ANYTHING.
AND HE IS NOT
SLEEPING WITH YOUR MOTHER.
THAT IS DISGUSTING.
SECONDLY,
WHY WOULD HE TELL HER?
SHE GOT HIM OFF, CANDACE.
NO, NO.
I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
THERE IS NO WAY IN HELL.
AS SOON AS I GET MY PHONE,
I WILL SHOW YOU.
THAT YOU'LL HAVE TO DO.
OKAY, I WILL GET A NEW PHONE,
AND I WILL BACK IT UP.
AND I WILL SHOW YOU.
OKAY.
BUT IN THE MEANTIME,
WHO DID YOU TELL?
I DIDN'T TELL ANYONE.
HOW DID SHE KNOW?
I DON'T KNOW!
WELL, YOU BETTER FIND OUT.
HOW?
GO AFTER HER.
MNH‐MNH. I‐I CAN'T.
JEFFERY, ARE YOU CRAZY?
I CAN'T.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT
IF SHE KNOWS, WE ARE SCREWED?
DO YOU HEAR ME?
I'M NOT GOING BACK
TO MELISSA.
JEFFERY.
NO!
FINE.
THEN WE BOTH GO TO JAIL.
YOU ARE THE ONE WHO TOLD ME
I NEEDED TO GET AWAY FROM HER,
RIGHT?
JEFFERY...
BUT, OH, THAT'S ‐‐ THAT'S OKAY
BECAUSE ONCE SHE HAS
HER HOOKS ON YOU,
THEN THAT DOESN'T MATTER.
I'M NOT ‐‐ I'M NOT TELLING YOU
TO STAY THERE.
THEN WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
I'M SAYING, JUST FIND OUT
WHAT SHE KNOWS.
AND THEN WHAT?
JUST FIND OUT WHAT SHE KNOWS
AND HOW SHE KNOWS IT.
AND THEN WE CAN FIGURE IT OUT
FROM THERE.
I CAN'T ‐‐
I CAN'T GO BACK THERE.
OH, NO.
WHAT?
MY CAR KEYS.
WHAT ABOUT THEM?
SHE TRACKED THEM.
HOW? WHAT?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
NO, SHE HAD TO.
NO. NO, NO, NO, NO.
THAT DOESN'T
MAKE ANY SENSE.
HOW WOULD SHE KNOW
THAT THE BLOOD STAINS
WERE RIGHT THERE
ON THE FLOOR?
LISTEN, IF SHE HASN'T
TRACKED THEM ALREADY,
THEN SHE ‐‐ SHE WILL.
IT'S JUST A MATTER OF TIME.
HOW? HOW?
HOW? HOW? I DON'T KNOW. HOW DOES
SHE FIND OUT ANY OF THIS?
SHE JUST FINDS THINGS OUT.
MY OLD CAR
IS IN MY MOM'S NAME.
MY NEW CAR IS
IN MY DAD'S NAME.
AND SHE STILL HAS
THE INFORMATION TO
TRACK THE CAR KEYS.
SO I ‐‐
LOOK, SHE'S CONTROLLING.
SHE CONTROLS EVERYTHING.
WE GOT TO GO GET THOSE KEYS.
JEFFERY, THERE IS NO WAY.
CANDACE, WE HAVE TO.
NO, THAT IS ‐‐ THAT IS A CHANCE
THAT I WILL HAVE TO TAKE,
BECAUSE I'M NOT DIGGING.
I'M NOT DIGGING
THOSE KEYS UP.
NO.
WE HAVE TO.
YOU HAVE TO.
I CAN'T.
I CAN'T DO THAT.
I CAN'T, EITHER.
FINE, FINE.
I...
OKAY, WE WON'T.
YOU JUST HAVE TO MAKE SURE
SHE DOESN'T KNOW
THAT YOU WENT TO THE DEALERSHIP
TO GET A NEW SET OF KEYS.
OKAY.
I DON'T SEE HOW SHE WOULD KNOW
ABOUT ANY OF THIS ANYWAY.
SHE WAS A LITIGATOR.
SHE WAS ONE OF THE BEST
AT WHAT SHE DID.
AND SHE WAS A PROSECUTOR.
SHE WAS ONE OF THE BEST.
THEN SHE WAS A DEFENSE ATTORNEY,
AND SHE WAS ONE OF THE BEST.
I MEAN, IS THIS STARTING
TO MAKE ANY SENSE TO YOU?
I GET IT.
SHE PUTS THINGS TOGETHER,
CANDACE.
EVERYTHING HAS MEANING.
EVERYTHING HAS MEANING
TO HER.
SHE CALCULATES.
NOTHING IS A COINCIDENCE
WITH HER.
IF THERE IS
A BLADE OF GRASS
THAT IS LEANING
TOO MUCH TO THE LEFT,
SHE WANTS TO KNOW WHY IT'S NOT
LEANING TO THE RIGHT.
AND UNTIL SHE GETS THAT ‐‐
THAT RIGHT EXPLANATION,
SHE DOESN'T STOP.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
THAT IS MY MOTHER.
I WISH I COULD
THINK LIKE THAT.
I WISH I COULD BE THAT CUNNING,
THAT CONNIVING,
AND AS WICKED AS HER
AND YOU.
[ SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY ]
AND THEN I WOULD BE ONE STEP
AHEAD OF ALL OF YOU.
I WOULDN'T BE
IN THIS DAMN POSITION.
I'M TIRED!
I'M TIRED OF IT!
I DON'T WANT TO BE CAUGHT UP
IN THIS TRAP ANYMORE!
ENOUGH.
NO! NO, IT'S NOT ENOUGH!
IT'S NOT ENOUGH, CANDACE!
STOP.
[ BREATHES SHAKILY ]
SHH.
[ SNIFFLES ]
WHAT DO YOU THINK
SHE IS GOING TO DO?
AS MUCH AS SHE HATES ME...
ANYTHING SHE WANTS.
[ SNIFFLES ]
SHE HATES ME, TOO.
NOT AS MUCH
AS SHE HATES ME.
IT'S OKAY.
[ BREATHES SHAKILY ]
SHH.
[ SNIFFLES ]
THE ONLY WAY I MIGHT BE ABLE
TO GET HER
IS TO DO HER
BEFORE SHE DOES ME.
♪♪♪♪
CALL THE POLICE.
HE'S DEAD.
YEAH.
DAMN JUNKIES ALWAYS COME
AND GIVE OUR HOTEL A BAD NAME.
[ SIGHS ]
♪♪♪♪
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATES ]
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
HELLO?
LLOYD: Ms. Young?
HI, WHO'S THIS?
It's Lloyd Bowman.
WHO?
Lloyd bowman from Freeos Benefit
and Trust Allbank.
YES.
We have approved
your request.
WHAT?
I spoke to the board,
and I think that we can get
your loan to you rather quickly.
IN TWO DAYS?
Yes,
we are working on it,
fast‐tracking it for you.
THAT'S GREAT.
I'll call you tomorrow
with all the details.
THANK YOU.
Sure.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
[ Ringing ]
WAR?
WAR: Yeah.
I'LL HAVE YOUR MONEY.
I don't want to talk
on the phone.
Meet me at your brother's.
BUT, WAR, PLEASE.
You heard me.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
THANK YOU, YES, YES, YES,
THANK YOU.
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
IT'S DONE.
GREAT.
YOU SURE?
YEAH.
[ CHUCKLES ] I'M SURE.
OKAY.
TAKE IT.
LLOYD, YOU TAKE IT ALL.
OKAY.
TOW YARD, BOTH HOUSES ‐‐
EVERY DAMN THING SHE'S GOT,
YOU TAKE IT.
OKAY.
FORECLOSURE STARTS IN 14 DAYS
AND CHANGE, RIGHT?
I HEAR YOU.
THANK YOU.
SO I'LL SEE YOU.
NAH, GO ON SAY IT.
I WILL SEE YOU SOON.
YES, YOU WILL BECAUSE
I AM GETTING OUT OF HERE.
OKAY, GOOD.
ALL RIGHT.
♪♪♪♪
GUARD.
[ ENGINE SHUTS OFF ]
♪♪♪♪
[ SIGHS ]
WELL, YOU MISSED THE LAST BUS
AN HOUR AGO.
♪♪♪♪
ARE YOU TOO PROUD
TO LET ME GIVE YOU A RIDE?
AND IF YOU DON'T REMEMBER,
MY HOUSE IS RIGHT
AROUND THE CORNER.
YOU GOT TO BE TIRED...
AND SAD.
HURTING.
SHE HIT ME, BENNY.
YOU HIT HER FIRST.
IS THAT AN EXCUSE?
NO. YOU'RE HER MOTHER.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU'RE BOTH WRONG.
BENJAMIN...
[ SIGHS ]
SHE SHOULDN'T
HAVE HIT YOU.
SO YOU GONNA
SUE THOSE PEOPLE?
MOM, I DON'T KNOW
HOW SHE GOT THAT MONEY.
WELL, NOW YOU KNOW.
YOU GONNA SUE THEM?
I WILL DO
WHAT YOU WANT ME TO DO.
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO?
I WANT TO SUE THEM.
WHY?
FOR ALL THE LYING AND THE HELL
THEY PUT YOU THROUGH.
YOU GONE ON
AND DO THAT.
ARE YOU MAD?
NOPE.
NO.
YEAH, YOU ARE.
I JUST TAUGHT YOU
BETTER THAN THAT.
TAUGHT ME
TO GET WHAT'S MINE.
I TAUGHT YOU
THAT FAIR IS FAIR.
YOU ALREADY GOT YOURS.
YOU GOT THAT HOUSE,
A TOW YARD, AS MANY TOW TRUCKS
AS YOU'VE EVER DREAMED OF.
YEAH.
AND I TAUGHT YOU
TO WORK HARD FOR IT.
YEAH, YOU DID.
UNLIKE YOUR SISTER.
YOU TAUGHT HER, TOO.
YES, I DID.
BUT SHE'D RATHER STEAL IT
THAN EARN IT.
SUING IS NOT STEALING.
YES, IT IS.
IF THEY'VE ALREADY
PAID YOU FOR IT,
AND THEY HAVE, BENJAMIN.
THEY HAVE ALREADY
PAID YOU FOR IT.
WHY DO YOU CARE SO MUCH ABOUT
THESE PEOPLE'S MONEY, ANYWAY?
I DON'T CARE NOTHING
ABOUT THEIR MONEY.
THEN WHY DON'T YOU
WANT ME TO SUE THEM?
YOU GO ON AND DO IT.
I'M ASKING.
EARN WHAT'S YOURS.
EARN IT.
YOU'VE BEEN GIVEN
A SECOND CHANCE AT LIFE
AND EVERYTHING
YOU'VE EVER DREAMED OF.
GREED IS ONE OF
THE SEVEN DEADLY SINS,
AND IT CAN'T DO NOTHING
BUT LEAD TO YOUR DESTRUCTION.
IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT?
MOM.
NO, LISTEN TO ME.
WHEN I THOUGHT THAT BOY
WYATT CRYER HAD HIT YOU,
BACK THEN, I DIDN'T SAY NOTHING
TO THE POLICE ABOUT WYATT
BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT
THE SAME THING
THAT HAPPENED TO YOUR UNCLE
TO HAPPEN.
I WANTED TO BE SURE.
I HAD TO BE SURE.
AND DO YOU KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED
WHILE I WAS WAITING
FOR THE TRUTH?
I WATCHED THOSE PEOPLE'S
WHOLE LIFE FALL APART.
I'VE WATCHED DESTRUCTION
FALL ALL AROUND THE CRYERS.
I'VE BEEN WATCHING A SLOW DEATH
OF THOSE PEOPLE.
I DON'T WANT YOU TO LIVE
IN NONE OF THAT.
NOW, LET THIS GO.
EARN YOUR OWN MONEY,
BABY.
THAT TOW YARD,
YOUR HOUSE...
IS ALL A GIFT.
JUST TAKE IT
AND MOVE ON.
OKAY.
OKAY, WHAT?
I WON'T SUE.
YOU WON'T?
NO.
GOOD.
ON ONE CONDITION.
BENJAMIN,
IT DON'T WORK LIKE THAT.
YOU DON'T EVEN
WANT TO HEAR MY CONDITION?
BENNY, IT...
YOU GOT TO MOVE IN WITH ME.
I'M NOT.
YOU JUST SAID
I GOT MY SETTLEMENT.
SO IT CAN'T BE THAT BAD,
RIGHT?
I STILL DON'T LIKE THE WAY
YOUR SISTER GOT IT.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, THEN I'LL SUE THEM,
I'LL WIN, AND I'LL BUY YOU
YOUR OWN HOUSE.
OR I WON'T, YOU COME ON HOME
TO THIS ONE WITH ME.
HMM?
[ SIGHS ] BENJAMIN.
I GOT YOU
WITH YOUR OWN WORDS, DIDN'T I?
COME ON, YOU STILL
GOT CLOTHES AT THIS ONE.
COME ON.
BENNY...
WHAT?
I NEED YOU TO TAKE ME
BACK TO YOUR SISTER'S.
MOM. [ SIGHS ]
I GOT TO ASK HER ONE MORE TIME
FOR YOUR NEPHEW.
YOU KNOW SHE'S NOT
GOING TO GIVE HIM TO YOU.
THEN YOU ASK HER FOR HIM.
I CAN'T RAISE HIM.
SHE'LL GIVE HIM TO YOU.
YOU ASK HER FOR HIM.
MOM, I...
I'LL WAIT IN THE TRUCK.
OKAY, I'LL BRING YOU HOME
TO MY HOUSE.
HMM?
AND THEN I'LL GO BACK
AND I'LL ASK, OKAY?
OKAY.
COME ON.
♪♪♪♪
[ POLICE RADIO CHATTER ]
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
MY WIFE...
IT'S MY WIFE.
[ TIRES SQUEAL ]
WAIT, IF THIS IS YOUR PLACE,
WHY DOES IT SAY BENNY'S TOWING?
UH, I'M KIND OF LIKE, UH,
LIKE THE SILENT PARTNER.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
LIKE THE MONEY GUY.
YOU'RE FULL OF CRAP.
OH, YOU THINK SO, HUH?
YEAH.
WHEN DO I GET MY CAR BACK?
HUH?
DEPENDS HOW FAST YOU GET THROUGH
WHAT WE'RE DOING HERE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHY ARE WE IN THE BACK
OF THIS TRUCK?
[ VEHICLE APPROACHES ]
WHO'S THAT?
SHH, SHH, SHH.
♪♪♪♪
[ ENGINES SHUT OFF ]
War: YOU GOT MY MONEY?
TWO DAYS.
CANDY,
YOU TOLD ME YOU HAVE IT.
I'LL HAVE IT IN TWO DAYS.
YOU MADE ME GET OUT MY BED.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
I'M ‐‐ I'M GOING TO HAVE IT.
CANDY.
LISTEN TO ME.
WAR, I'M GOING TO
GET IT FOR YOU.
HOW YOU GETTING IT?
I GOT A LOAN FROM A BANK.
THEY CALLED TODAY.
YOU'RE PLAYING ME.
NO.
NO. I GOT A LOAN.
AND THEY'RE GOING TO HAVE IT
TO YOU IN TWO DAYS?
YES.
CANDY,
THAT DON'T EVEN SOUND RIGHT.
NO FOOL'S GOING TO DO THAT.
THEY'RE DOING IT FOR ME.
THEY ARE.
CANDY, I TOOK A FEDERAL JUDGE
TO MY BASEMENT
AND HELD HIM FOR YOU.
FOR DAYS FOR YOU.
I TRUSTED YOU.
YOU LIED TO ME.
YOU TOLD ME
THAT YOU GOT IT.
I KNOW.
IT MAKES ME...
I GET MAD WHEN I THINK ABOUT IT,
CANDY.
WAR, I KNOW.
YOU TOLD ME
YOU GOT $400,000.
WAR,
PLEASE DON'T GET UPSET.
IT MAKES ME MAD.
IT MAKES ME MAD!
YOU WERE MY GIRL,
AND YOU TREAT ME LIKE THAT?
NOW YOU GOT ME OUT HERE
TREATING YOU LIKE ONE OF
THESE HOES IN THE STREET,
LIKE A PIECE OF ASS
BECAUSE YOU LIED TO ME?
YOU DID THIS.
I KNOW.
NOW LOOK AT YOU.
YOU LOST ALL DIGNITY TO ME.
YOU LIKE A REGULAR OLD CRACKHEAD
ON HER KNEES
BEGGING FOR A ROCK.
I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU
LIKE THIS, CANDY.
I DON'T.
BUT THAT'S HOW I SEE YOU NOW
IN MY MIND.
DAMN.
I'M TRYING TO
REDEEM MYSELF, WAR.
HOW?
HOW YOU GOING TO DO THAT?
YOU LIED. YOU LIED.
I KNOW.
NOT YOU.
I'M NOT GOING TO DO IT.
YOU KNOW HOW MANY TIMES
I CRIED IN MY LIFE, CANDY?
HUH?
WHY DO YOU DO THIS TO ME?
WHY?
WAR, PLEASE.
BITCH, DON'T SAY
YOU'RE SORRY.
I'M NOT.
YOU LEARNED?
YES, I HAVE.
NOW YOU GOT ME THINKING
ABOUT YOU AND BENNY,
HOW LONG WE GO BACK.
I JUST BROUGHT IT UP
BECAUSE I KNOW
YOU MAY HAVE
ALREADY STARTED PLANNING.
YOU KNOW ME.
YEAH, I KNOW YOU.
SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO
DO ANYTHING TO BENNY, OKAY?
BECAUSE I'M GOING TO
GET YOU YOUR MONEY.
I DON'T WANT TO HURT BENNY,
CANDY, I DON'T.
THAT'S MY BOY.
I KNOW.
SO WAS MY POPS.
YOU KNOW
WHAT I DID TO HIM.
WE ALL KNOW.
HE CROSSED ME.
I DON'T LIKE
BEING CROSSED, CANDY.
I KNOW.
YOU KNOW,
YOU KEEP SAYING YOU KNOW,
AND STILL YOU DID THAT.
YOU GOT TWO DAYS.
BENNY'S FINE, RIGHT?
FOR TWO MORE DAYS.
OKAY.
WHAT YOU GOT ON
UNDER THERE?
NOTHING.
SEE, THAT'S WHAT I MEAN.
WHAT?
YOU COME HERE DRESSED LIKE THAT?
I DIDN'T HAVE TIME ‐‐
THINKING THAT YOU ‐‐ THINKING
THAT YOU CAN CHANGE MY MIND
BECAUSE YOU HOT.
IS THAT IT?
NO, I DIDN'T HAVE TIME
TO PUT ON ‐‐
YOU'RE LYING.
YOU TOLD ME TO COME HERE,
AND I'M HERE.
YOU'RE LYING.
WAR, I KNOW BETTER
THAN TO LIE TO YOU ANYMORE.
COME HERE.
WAR...
GET YOUR ASS
AGAINST THIS FENCE.
CANDY...
[ WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY ]
[ GRUNTING ]
STOP.
PLEASE.
[ CRIES ] WAR.
YOU DID THIS.
WAR.
[ GRUNTING ]
[ JAZZ MUSIC PLAYS ]
OH, HE'S CUTE.
LEAVE HIM ALONE.
I'M GOING TO SAY HI.
NO.
HEY, STOP IT.
YOU'RE BOTH MARRIED.
I'M NOT.
NO.
HI.
I'M GABBY.
COME JOIN US.
SORRY,
I'M NOT INTERESTED.
OH, COME ON.
LOOK, I'M NOT INTERESTED.
COME ON.
[ SIGHS ]
LADY, STOP IT.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
BE SO DAMN RUDE.
OH, DAMN IT.
BITCH, ARE YOU CRAZY?
HEY, NO NEED
FOR THAT LANGUAGE.
GET YOUR DRUNK‐ASS FRIEND
AWAY FROM ME.
OKAY, LET'S GO.
WE'RE SORRY.
DAMN RIGHT YOU ARE.
OKAY, GET THE CAR.
TAKE HER ASS HOME.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
BE SO RUDE.
TELL THAT TO YOUR FRIEND.
YOU ASS.
YOUR FRIEND IS AN ASS.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
I'M SORRY, JUDGE.
MR. HARRINGTON,
ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH, I'M FINE.
HARRINGTON?
YEAH.
[ SIGHS ]
OH, NO.
WHAT?
I CAN'T TALK TO YOU.
WHAT? WHY NOT?
I'M THE JUDGE ON YOUR MOTHER
AND THE CRYERS' CASE.
I CAN'T TALK TO YOU.
HARRY, CAN YOU TELL MY HUSBAND
I LEFT, PLEASE?
YES, MA'AM.
OH, JUSTIN. HI.
HI. SORRY I'M LATE.
I HAD A LATE CALL.
I CAN'T TALK TO
THIS GENTLEMAN,
BUT CAN YOU APOLOGIZE TO HIM
AND PAY FOR HIS DRINKS.
I'M GOING TO HEAD
FOR THE BABYSITTER.
GABBY GOT REALLY DRUNK
AND OUT OF CONTROL.
I CAN'T TALK TO HIM,
BUT APOLOGIZE TO HIM, OKAY?
OKAY.
♪♪♪♪
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
BE IN ROOM 1333
IN 15 MINUTES.
AND I MEAN IT.
DO YOU KNOW
WHO YOU'RE TALKING TO?
DON'T MAKE ME WAIT.
[ CAR APPROACHES ]
[ ENGINE SHUTS OFF ]
HEY.
HEY,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
YOU'RE OUT LATE.
YEAH, I HAD TO
RUN SOMEWHERE.
OKAY, WHERE WERE YOU?
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU KNOW, CANDACE...
DID MITCH CALL YOU?
MM...
YOU WAS OUT WITH MITCH?
NO.
WHY YOU BRING HIM UP?
I THOUGHT I SAW HIM
AT THE STORE.
NO, HE DIDN'T CALL ME.
THEN MAYBE IT WASN'T HIM.
WHAT'S UP?
LOOK, I, UH, I NEED TO TALK
TO YOU ABOUT SOMETHING.
GOOD.
BECAUSE I NEED TO
TALK TO YOU, TOO.
GOOD.
OKAY, COME IN.
[ KEYS JINGLE ]
[ LOCK UNLOCKS ]
♪♪♪♪
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU WEARING?
A DRESS.
WHY ARE YOU ACTING
LIKE YOUR MOTHER RIGHT NOW?
YOU FIRST.
ALL RIGHT, WELL, I'M SICK OF YOU
LYING TO ME RIGHT TO MY FACE,
AND IT'S GOING TO
STOP RIGHT NOW.
ALL RIGHT?
SO I WANT THE TRUTH.
OKAY.
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO KNOW?
WHERE DID YOU GET THIS MONEY
FROM?
IS THAT WHY YOU'RE HERE?
THAT'S NOT
ANSWERING MY QUESTION.
FROM JIM CRYER.
SO MOMMY WAS RIGHT.
YES.
I THOUGHT YOU SAID
HE GAVE IT YOU?
YES.
YOU BLACKMAILING HIM?
NO.
CANDACE, YOU KNOW
I'M NOT PLAYING WITH YOU.
HE GAVE ME THE MONEY.
ALL RIGHT,
TELL ME SOMETHING ‐‐
WHY ON EARTH WOULD THIS MAN
GIVE YOU $7.4 MILLION?
YOU TELL ME THAT.
COME HERE.
[ SIGHS ]
♪♪♪♪
CLOSE THE DOOR.
[ KEYPAD BEEPING ]
♪♪♪♪
[ SAFE DOOR CLOSES ]
WHAT'S THIS?
I DON'T WANT TO SEE THIS.
WHAT IS THIS?
NEITHER DOES
THE REST OF THE WORLD.
IT'S WHAT HE'S INTO.
SO YOU'RE BLACKMAILING HIM
WITH THESE PICTURES.
NO.
HE TAKES CARE OF ME
BECAUSE I FULFILL A FANTASY
THAT HE LOVES
AND NO ONE ELSE CAN.
LISTEN, I DON'T ‐‐
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR THAT.
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR
NONE OF THAT.
YOU ASKED.
SO YOU'RE A, UH...
PROSTITUTE?
HMM?
NO.
I'M HIS...
WHAT? YOU'RE HIS WHAT?
YOU HIS WHORE?
HIS WOMAN.
OH.
HE HAS A WIFE.
I DON'T WANT TO BE HIS WIFE.
I DON'T WANT TO MARRY HIM.
I JUST PROVIDE A FANTASY.
AND, OF COURSE, HIS WIFE
THINKS I'M BLACKMAILING HIM.
BUT SHE DOESN'T ‐‐
SHE DOESN'T KNOW ABOUT THIS.
CANDACE, WHY DO YOU EVEN
HAVE THESE PICTURES ANYWAY?
HE'S INTO VIDEO, TOO.
WE WATCH VIDEOS.
DO YOU WANT TO SEE THEM?
YOU KNOW WHAT? STOP IT.
THEN STOP ASKING ME.
OKAY.
WELL, I'M NOT SUING HIM.
WHAT?
NO, I'M NOT.
BENNY.
CANDACE,
YOU GOT THAT MONEY.
I GOT THE HOUSE
AND MY TOW YARD.
I'LL MAKE MY WAY.
BENNY,
YOU SHOULD SUE THEM.
WELL, I'M NOT.
I‐IS THIS BECAUSE OF MAMA?
THIS IS BECAUSE OF ME,
AND I'M NOT DOING IT.
I GOT ALL I NEED.
I'M NOT.
BENNY, WE'RE TALKING
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS HERE.
NO.
AND I HAVE SOMETHING ELSE
I WANT TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT.
I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT
ANYTHING ELSE OTHER THAN SUING.
CANDACE, WE NEED TO
TALK ABOUT YOUR BABY.
BENNY.
WHERE IS HE?
CANDACE, WHERE IS HE?
HUH?
HE'S FINE.
MAMA WANTS ME TO ASK YOU
ONE MORE TIME.
NO.
CANDACE, YOU KNOW SHE CAN
TAKE CARE OF THAT BABY.
NO.
WELL,
THEN LET ME HAVE HIM.
[ SCOFFS ]
GIVING HIM TO YOU IS
LIKE GIVING HIM TO HER.
NO.
WHY?
I WON'T LET HER DO TO HIM
WHAT SHE DID TO US.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?
YOU'RE MAKING IT SOUND LIKE
SOMETHING'S WRONG WITH ME.
I DIDN'T MEAN THAT.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME,
BENNY?
CANDY, YOU KNOW YOU'VE BEEN
CAUGHT UP IN A LOT OF ‐‐
NO.
NO, I'M NOT
GIVING HER MY CHILD.
SO IF THAT'S WHY YOU CAME HERE,
YOU COULD LEAVE.
OR WE COULD ‐‐
WE COULD WATCH THE VIDEO.
[ GASPS ]
ANOTHER OPTION ‐‐
WE CAN DISCUSS
VERONICA HARRINGTON
BECAUSE I'VE HEARD
SOME DISGUSTING THINGS TODAY.
DISGUSTING.
ABOUT?
YOU AND HER.
PLEASE TELL ME
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
NO, I DIDN'T COME HERE
TO TALK ABOUT THAT.
I CAME HERE
TO TALK ABOUT YOU.
OH, REALLY.
WELL, I WANT TO
TALK ABOUT YOU.
VERONICA?
I MEAN, REALLY?
WHAT THE HELL
IS WRONG WITH YOU?
LOOK, I CAME HERE TO TALK ABOUT
YOUR BABY, ALL RIGHT?
I'M GETTING OUT OF HERE.
LOOK HOW QUICK YOU LEAVE, HUH?
♪♪♪♪
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
BYE, MR. HARRINGTON.
YOU SURE YOU DON'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT VERONICA?
YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
I'VE HEARD SOME NASTY,
NASTY, NASTY THINGS.
SHUT UP!
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
[ KNOCKING CONTINUES ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WHY ARE YOU
TALKING TO MY WIFE?
ANSWER ME.
LET GO OF ME.
YOU WANT TO GO OUT THE WINDOW?
LET GO OF ME NOW.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I GOT NOTHING TO LOSE.
WE CAN BOTH GO TOGETHER.
DON'T YOU EVER
TALK TO MY WIFE AGAIN.
I DIDN'T KNOW
SHE WAS YOUR WIFE.
BULL.
YOU SET IT UP.
NO, I DIDN'T.
WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?
I'M A COP.
I KNOW YOUR KIND.
WELL, YOU'RE WRONG, COP.
WHAT ARE YOU UP TO?
PARANOID, AREN'T YOU?
YOU NEED A DRINK.
DON'T PLAY GAMES WITH ME.
[ GLASS SLAMS ]
YOU KNOW, YOU SHOULD
REALLY GO SEE SOMEONE.
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I COME HERE OFTEN.
IF YOU WERE A GOOD COP,
YOU WOULD KNOW THAT.
OR ‐‐ OR ‐‐ OR DO YOU?
BECAUSE YOU WERE
PRETTY PROMPT.
YOU DON'T MAKE DEMANDS
OF ME, UNDERSTAND?
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
BUT YET AND STILL
YOU WERE PROMPT.
AND YOU SEEM LIKE SOMEONE
WHO LIKES TO HAVE DEMANDS
PUT ON THEM.
RULES, PROMPTNESS,
RESTRICTIONS, PUNISHMENT,
AND MAY‐‐
MAYBE THAT'S WHY
YOU MARRIED A JUDGE.
SO YOU'RE EVALUATING ME.
YOU DON'T EVEN
HAVE A DEGREE.
OKAY, THE COP
HAS DONE HIS HOMEWORK.
WELL, I HONESTLY
DO INTRIGUE YOU,
RIGHT?
I MEAN, SHE DID SEEM
A LITTLE OLD FOR YOU.
DON'T MENTION MY WIFE.
IT'S OKAY.
IT MAKES SENSE, THOUGH.
I'M WARNING YOU.
HAVE A DRINK.
RELAX.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THAT ARROGANT COP
WHO WAS TOUCHING ME
AND GETTING AROUSED?
LOOK, YOU CROSSED THE LINE
WHEN YOU TALKED TO MY WIFE.
AND YOU CROSSED THE LINE
WHEN YOU TOUCHED MY ASS.
SHE IS PRETTY THOUGH,
YOUR WIFE.
YOU WANT ME
TO MAKE YOU DISAPPEAR?
DO YOU?
ARE YOU DONE?
IT'S JUST YOU AND ME
IN HERE.
WHO IS ALL THIS MACHISMO FOR?
IS IT FOR YOU?
BECAUSE IF IT'S FOR ME,
I DON'T NEED IT.
I JUST WANT TO TALK.
AND DRINK.
I'M NOT INTERESTED
IN TALKING ABOUT YOUR WIFE,
AND I DON'T WANT TO
KNOW HER.
SEE HER.
HELL, I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
YOU WERE MARRIED.
AND I DEFINITELY DIDN'T THINK
THAT I WOULD RUN INTO HER.
DO YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHAT I DO THINK?
I THINK YOU'RE A CREEP
WHO HIDES BEHIND A BADGE.
I THINK YOU ARE DISGUSTING.
YOU WEAR CHEAP AFTERSHAVE,
AND YOU NEED TO
LEARN HOW MANSCAPE.
SO...
I HAD NO IDEA
THAT THIS WAS GOING TO HAPPEN.
BUT SINCE IT DID...
LOOK,
I DON'T LIKE YOU OKAY?
BUT HERE WE ARE,
OFFICER JUSTIN.
HERE WE ARE.
WHY AM I HERE?
FIRST,
YOU HAVE THIS DRINK.
I THINK WE CAN
HELP EACH OTHER OUT.
HELP EACH OTHER?
MM‐HMM.
HOW?
OKAY, THANK YOU.
[ RECEIVER CLICKS ]
THE D. A. s OFFICE JUST TOLD ME
YOU HAD YOUR TIME
WITH JIM CRYER.
I NEED ONE MORE VISIT.
I NEED YOU
TO OPEN THE GATE,
OPEN HIS CELL, TURN YOUR BACK,
DON'T LET ANYONE ELSE IN.
MEET ME AROUND BACK.
[ BUZZER SOUNDS ]
[ GATE CLOSES ]
♪♪♪♪
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?
HEY.
DAVID.
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
♪♪♪♪
NEXT, ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS"...
THIS WAS MY FRIEND.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
I'M GOING TO DO WITHOUT HER.
YOU THREATENING ME?
I'M INVITING YOU.
TO WHAT?
THIS.
YOU TAKE ME TO HER
RIGHT NOW!
YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE A HEART
ATTACK IF YOU DON'T RELAX.
THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
AS LONG AS I'M WHIPPING HER ASS
WHEN I'M DOING IT,
I'LL DIE HAPPY.
YOU KILLED MAGGIE DAY.
OH.
WOULD YOU HAVE
PREFERRED IT BE ME?